Update links (#263)
Overv/VulkanTutorial: en/05_Uniform_buffers/01_Descriptor_pool_and_sets.md

* A nested structure must be aligned by the base alignment of its members rounded up to a multiple of 16.
* A `mat4` matrix must have the same alignment as a `vec4`.

> You can find the full list of alignment requirements in [the specification](https://www.khronos.org/registry/vulkan/specs/1.2-extensions/html/chap7.html#synchronization-pipeline-stages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the full list of alignment requirements in [the specification](https://www.khronos.org/registry/vulkan/specs/1.2-extensions/html/chap15.html#interfaces-resources-layout).
```
